"YOUR_TOKEN_1"
"YOUR_TOKEN_2"
"..."



I. GETTING YOUR BOT TOKEN
—————————————————————————
Follow the instructions from this guide to
  obtain your bot token(s):

https://banz04.github.io/mic-drop-results/docs/token.html

We use these token(s) to access Discord’s
  API and retrieve the URLs to contestants’
  avatars.

You may insert more than one token to avoid
  rate limits from the API.


IMPORTANT NOTICE: YOU DO NOT HAVE TO INVITE
  THE BOTS TO ANY SERVER ON DISCORD.


II. AVATAR-DOWNLOADING SERVICE
    TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
———————————————————————————————

(Last modified on March 18, 2023.)

Before  proceeding,  we suggest you take  a
brief overview of Discord’s Developer Terms
of Service and Developer Policy at:

https://discord.com/developers/docs/legal

By  adding  your  bot token  or  bot tokens
(“Tokens”)  to  this file, you  have  fully
acknowledged and agree that you:

   (i)  authorize  the Mic Drop  Results
        program   and   its  maintainers
        (collectively,  “we,”  “us,”  or
        “our”)  FULL ACCESS to the  bots
        associated  with the Tokens (the
        “Bots”), together with all  data
        collected  using  these  Tokens;
        and
  (ii)  entrust us with the authority to
        access and use Discord’s APIs on
        your behalf.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Tokens  you
provide  us do not grant us any access  to,
control  over,  or   information  of   your
Discord user account and bots that have  no
direct association with these Tokens.


OUR OBLIGATIONS

Despite having full access to your Bots and
data, we pledge the following conditions by
which  we must abide when we access or  use
your  Tokens, Bots, and data (in compliance
with  Section 12(a) of Discord’s  Developer
Terms of Service):

   1. First, we guarantee that your  Tokens
      and  all  data obtained by  means  of
      these  Tokens (altogether referred to
      as  your  “data”) will always  remain
      inside  and within the bounds of your
      local  machine  and never  be  shared
      with us or sent anywhere else without
      your  active and deliberate  will  to
      share these data.

   2. We  also guarantee to only access and
      use Discord’s APIs in compliance with
      Discord’s Developer Terms of Service,
      Developer      Policy,      Community
      Guidelines,   and   all    applicable
      regulations imposed by Discord Inc.

   3. We  guarantee  that we use your  data
      for  no other purpose than to  assist
      the sole process of downloading  user
      avatars.

You  may request us to stop using your data
and  taking  actions on your behalf at  any
time  by  withdrawing all tokens from  this
file  and resetting your Bots’  tokens  via
Discord Developer Portal.

Thank you for using our service!

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS


III. HOW THIS FILE WORKS
————————————————————————
The program will iterate through every line
  from this file. When it comes across a line
  with more than 70 characters, the program
  will recognize such a line as a bot token.

All quotation marks and redundant space
  characters will be trimmed from the final
  result.